Update Jumpstarter Architecture Documentation (#1)
jumpstarter-dev/jumpstarter-python: docs/glossary.md

# Jumpstarter glossary

## Acronyms

* `DUT`: Device Under Test

## Entities

> * `exporter`: A linux service that exports the interfaces of the devices to be tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exporter`: A linux service that exports the interfaces to the DUTs.
```

  An exporter connects directy to a Jumpstarter server or directly to a client.

* `client`: A Developer or a CI/CD pipeline that connects to the Jumpstarter server

>   and leases resources from the exporters. The client can run tests on the leased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and leases exporters. The client can run tests on the leased
```

I would start by the simple model of leasing exporters altogether, then a at a later time I am happy to extend to leasing devices alone if we wanted, but I think that will be more complex.

  resources.

* `controller`: The central service that authenticates and connects the exporters
  and clients, manages leases and provides an inventory of available exporters and
  clients.

## Concepts

> * `Resource`: a device that is exposed on a exporter, the exporter enumerates those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Device`: a device that is exposed on a exporter, the exporter enumerates those
```

Internally we are calling them devices in the gRPC now (I initially wrote resources)

I guess we should change the docs here, or the gRPC

@NickCao  @kirkbrauer  WDYT?

Author: Yes, I think a resource is more related to a specific interface or hardware component, so the term device is the lowest unit we should discuss here unless talking about drivers.

Reviewer 2: We are not distinguishing between exported/unexported devices, so `Resource` does not make much sense. Unless we want users to be able to teardown and reinit devices mid test.
